[atmospheric music playing]
Hello, there.
My name is Xiaomei.
You'll find out who I am eventually.
For now, just think of me
as the narrator of this story.
Previously,
the story jumped ahead 20,000 years.
But don't let
that little fact distress you.
You see,
as for what I'm about to show you,
time has very little bearing at all
in this tale.
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
[Rebecca]
Here's the story so far in Edens Zero.
Happy and I met a boy named Shiki
on the planet Granbell,
and now we are traveling together
to meet Mother,
a space goddess who can grant any wish.
But unfortunately, we don't have
a ship that can get us there.
So we came to the planet Norma
in order to find one.
And also to see Professor Weisz,
the man Happy and I owe our life to, but…
[Weisz] My name is Weisz Steiner.
So quick yapping and fess up.
THE MAN CALLED WEISZ
Now, do you want to tell me
why you are trespassing inside my home?
Li-- Like I said,
we came to see Professor Weisz.
Huh. I see it now.
[Weisz] You work for Sibir.
-Sibir?
-Huh?
If you leave right now,
I'll agree to spare your lives.
[Happy] Rebecca…
Huh…
Get out of here.
-Hang on just a sec.
-[Weisz] Excuse me?
There's somebody on the second floor.
Hey, wait! Those are my goggles!
Oh-- Shit.
-[rapid gunfire]
-[screaming]
-[grunts]
-[blast]
-Huh?
-[grunts]
[grunts] There you are.
[rapid gunfire]
Magimech Attack.
Gravity Fist!
[screams]
MAGIMECH ATTACK GRAVITY FIST
Nice one!
-[engine revs]
-Huh?
[Rebecca] What's going on?
Did he just stop and run away?
-[groans]
-Mm-hmm.
[grunts]
Are you guys with Weisz?
Well, the next time you see him,
deliver this message.
Sibir the Mighty
despises traitors with a passion.
[stifles laugh]
What's so funny about that?
[Shiki] I can't take you seriously
seeing you naked.
-[subordinate] What do you mean naked?
-Sibir…
[Shiki] In the nude.
Whoa! There are rivers here too?
Even underground?
[Happy] Shiki, please, sit down.
First we get attacked,
and still no sign of the Professor.
What the heck is going on?
Are you sure that guy
wasn't the Professor?
He had the same name and everything.
There is no way that was him.
I have a recent picture here.
See?
It looks a bit like him, don't you think?
[Rebecca] Yeah, I thought so too.
Maybe he developed a super secret drug
that reversed his aging
and in the process lost all his memories!
That's it!
Something doesn't feel right.
Huh? I can't connect to the Internet.
[Happy] Strange.
I can't either.
This doesn't make any sense.
The planet should have
really good connectivity.
On to our next top story,
an Adventurer's Guild was just founded
on Blue Garden, called Shooting Starlight.
The planet boasts
a high immigrant population.
Many Adventurers have already
gathered at Shooting Starlight,
raising the people's hopes
for further space development.
That's our guild, alright.
I didn't realize that it was new, though.
-[Rebecca] It's 50 years old.
-Huh…
But that lady said it was just founded.
Is it possible they could be airing
old news footage, for some reason?
[gasps softly]
[young Rebecca]
Professor! Professor Weisz!
Rebecca! Happy! How have you been?
-[both] Professor!
-[laughs]
Hey, have you been getting bigger?
Uh-uh, not yet.
Have you been doing all right, Happy?
Yeah, I'm good.
Professor, can you come live
on Blue Garden with us?
I don't know.
That planet is a little too much for me.
Then, how about Happy and I move to Norma?
That way we could all live together!
We've had this chat before.
You know we can't do that.
This planet is on its way out.
Children shouldn't be living
in a place like this.
[sighs]
[Shiki and Happy] Hmm?
Where are you going?
Yeah, we still have
to finish all this food.
-[Rebecca] I knew it.
-[Shiki] What's wrong?
[Rebecca] The car models are old.
So are all the machines here.
Which means
this isn't the present day.
We're 50 years in the past!
Huh?
You're not saying we somehow
traveled back in time, are you?
[grunts] I have no idea why this happened.
But that has to be it.
Happy, what's the current year?
My records say
it's space calendar year X492.
[Rebecca] Look at that screen up there.
[Happy] X442?
That's 50 years of the date!
We really are back in past?! But how?!
[Happy] Then the guy we met earlier
who said he was Professor Weisz…
Do you think…?
[Rebecca] That man
was a young Professor Weisz!
No, no, this is way too crazy!
Fifty years ago I wasn't even born yet!
-Okay, just calm down!
-[passerby] What?
She's talking to herself.
We need to figure out a way
to get back to our original time!
How did things even end up this way?
That's it! I need to go live.
Think of the views we could be getting!
[Happy] We can't connect
to the Internet, remember?
-[Shiki] And what about the Professor?
-Never mind about him.
We can't do anything anyway,
if this is the past.
[Rebecca] We'd create a time paradox.
-[crowd mumbling]
-[all] Huh?
[Sibir] I found you.
Yeah, these were
the punks with Weisz, alright.
[subordinate] What do you
want us to do with them, Sibir?
[Shiki] That robot's huge!
It's him!
Sibir and his gang are here!
[man] Let's get out of here!
You shouldn't go around taking stuff
that doesn't belong to you. Yeah?
Weisz stole money from me
so if you two punks are with him,
-you're guilty by association.
-Payo.
Professor Weisz stole from Sibir?
He should be called
Professor Thief instead!
They can't have this.
It's mine and mine alone.
I'm not gonna let that lowlife Sibir
lay even a finger on it.
Where is Weisz?
[Payo] Payo, Payo!
We have no idea.
Anyone who steals money from me
is a good for nothing asshole.
So, what does that
make you guys, then? Huh?
-[whispering] Payo, payo.
-Yeah, lay off!
It's not that bad of a word!
What are you, my mother?
is it me or is he talking to that bird?
I mean, we talk to a cat, so why not?
Sibir, let us go and take them out!
Shut up, I'm trying to think here!
-Shiki, let's make a run for it.
-But, why?
I told you.
It's against the rules for us to interfere
with anything that's in the past.
[Rebecca] If we do, we'll end up
changing the future.
I don't really get it, but okay.
[grunts]
So it's better if we run away?
Huh? Hey! They're running!
-[man] Don't let them get away!
-[Sibir] I don't plan on it.
-Brace yourself.
-What are you gonna--
[crackling]
[Rebecca] Never mind,
that just answered my question!
[Rebecca and Happy screaming]
-They're flying?!
-[Sibir] Shoot them!
[grunts]
-[screaming]
-[explosions]
[grunts]
[whooshing]
[Rebecca and Happy screaming]
[explosions]
[people] Whoa!
[blasts continue]
[coughing]
[intense music playing]
[Rebecca] Look out!
[yelling] And die!
[grunting]
[blast]
-Huh?!
-[Payo] Huh?
Huh?!
[yelling]
-We're losing! No way!
-Payo, payo, payo!
-[explosions]
-[Shiki yelling]
[yelling]
[thud]
-[chuckles]
-[gasps]
[Shiki] Oops.
I forgot I wasn't supposed
to mess with stuff.
I swear, your powers
are actually a little scary.
[Happy] We should make
our getaway while we still can.
-[whirring]
-[Sibir groans]
-[Sibir sighs]
-[Payo] Payo.
Don't even start.
Payo, payo.
[Sibir] Yeah, yeah, I already know.
They'll come crawling back to us
before you know it.
[Sibir] There's no doubt in my mind.
[gasping]
What would you like, you big boy?
[whimpering]
[Shiki groaning]
You don't have to get so excited
with every new alien you meet.
Why'd you say that?
They may look different from us,
but we share a language and culture.
At least the ones
who live together with us, humans.
[Shiki gasps]
Something else to consider,
from everyone else's perspective,
you are the one who's an alien here.
[Shiki] These aliens…
Do you think they would be
willing to be my friend?
Please, be my friend--!
-Stop that right now!
-[grunts]
[Rebecca] Let's go over our situation.
[Shiki] Okay, let's see.
The Professor stole something
from Sibir and ran off,
and we somehow ended up
50 years in the past, am I right?
[sighs]
[Happy] To say this is all a bit confusing
is kind of an understatement.
[Rebecca sighs]
Guess we still have to eat.
[Happy] Yeah, that's true!
[Rebecca] This bar is sort of a hideout
that the Professor introduced me to
back in the present.
I guess
it was too optimistic of me
hoping we'd find him here.
Oh, sorry about…
-Huh?
-…that.
I…
[screams]
You two again?
How do you know about this place?
[Rebecca] Hold on. Just hear us out.
[playing light jazz music]
Hmm.
You're saying I saved this cat?
Not just him, but you too?
And you came from 50 years in the future?
I can prove it.
Look here.
See?
What the hell?! Ah!
My hair's thinning like crazy!
Why do you say that
as if it was somehow my fault?
With a story like that, well, forgive me
if I don't take your word for it.
Yeah, can't blame you.
At the very least, what I will believe
is that you're not working with Sibir.
We could really use your help in getting
back to our original timeline, Professor.
We've already gone over this,
I'm not a professor!
When will you become one?
-Hurry up and get older.
-Hell, no!
Oh yeah, Sibir said you stole
money from him or something.
Huh?
Is it inside that case?
That's none of your business, okay?
No, it's not.
But stealing is bad.
Huh!
Though in Granbell,
where I'm originally from,
we actually have a class called Thief.
-They steal people's belonging so…
-So, who are those guys exactly?
[Shiki] Are you listening?
Not your problem.
Don't stick your noses into stuff anymore.
That goes double if you really
did come from the future.
You'll go and mess up the timeline.
[groans]
Just go back to the future.
How are we supposed to do that, though?
How should I know?
[gasps]
The case! The case is gone!
-[Shiki laughs]
-Argh.
That's right,
I changed my job and became a thief!
Well, not really.
Bastard.
So, uh, what's inside this thing?
[gasps]
-[beeping]
-Huh?
-[whirring]
-[Shiki screams]
[groans]
The hell?
[Shiki] I lost my powers for a moment.
[Rebecca] You did?
[whirring]
That's my money!
[hissing]
[gasps]
I would kindly ask that you treat me
far more delicately, Master.
[all gasp]
-What the…
-[whirring]
…hell is that?
I am unable to locate Master in my sights.
[Shiki] First a giant robot,
now a tiny one.
To be more precise,
I'm an anti-mech android.
-I am called E.M. Pino.
-[whirring]
Please, address me as Pino.
[gasps]
[Weisz] So,
it wasn't money?
-[indistinct chatter]
-[electricity crackling]
-Ah!
-What's going on?
[indistinct]
Apologies.
It is a side-effect of my EMP.
-[Shiki] That's an electro…
-Magnetic pulse.
It causes electronic devices
to shut down temporarily.
Now I get it. That's why
Shiki's Ether Gear was disabled.
Huh? It disables…
[screaming] No! Happy!
[electricity crackling]
-[alien 1] Eh?
-[alien 2] Oh!
[Pino] Please, do not worry yourselves.
The effect of my power
only lasts for a few seconds.
Whoa!
What just happened? I don't remember!
Did I blackout?
Did I suddenly stop working?!
-Thank goodness.
-[whimpering]
The cat's a robot?!
Pino.
You have an amazing power.
What do you say to the idea
of us becoming friends?
Shiki, you really need to stop with that.
Become a friend.
Searching definition of term…
[beeping]
The conditions do not appear
to be completely satisfied.
But, I accept.
-Hooray!
-[Rebecca] Wow. That's a surprise.
You can still be
my side-friend.
Who said anything about us being friends?!
Moving on, what the deal
with this thing, anyway?
I was positive this case
was filled with money.
Hang on. You were planning
on stealing money from those guys?
Yeah, got a problem with that?
[Shiki] Hey, what are you doing?
I wonder. Is this worth a whole lot
on the market or something?
I am a personal belonging
that was especially designed
and built by my master.
Therefore, I do not possess
an inherent market price.
I was taken out of sleep mode
because I had detected
the sound of my master's voice.
Master?
You talking about that punk Sibir?
Cross-referencing.
[static]
-[beeping]
-[both] Huh?
Retrieving file. Restoring damaged memory.
Update: Sibir is new master.
Adhering to master's wishes, required.
Master Sibir's orders, absolute.
What's happening?
Are you malfunctioning right now?
Master Sibir is too terrifying to defy.
Master Sibir's orders are absolute.
Radioing itinerary.
[Shiki] Hey!
[Pino] Traveling to destination.
-[ding]
-Wait. Where are you going?
Hmm.
I have this sneaking suspicion.
Is it possible Sibir was planning on using
that EMP to make a whole lot of cash?
How'd he manage that?
Maybe by hacking and stealing from a bank?
-[cash register ding]
-I'd be happy to put it to the test!
[both] What a lowlife.
[Weisz laughing]
Looks like fortune's smiling on me!
No matter how poor you are, you should
never let yourself resort to stealing.
Remember, the gods are always watching.
[sheepish chuckle]
[server] Sorry to eavesdrop,
but I can't help
but overhear you talking about Sibir.
I'd suggest you sleep with one eye open.
Those bandits aren't just
some rowdy kids playing cops and robbers.
You won't be leaving this town alive
if they end up catching up to you.
Professor-- I mean, Weisz
is a regular here, isn't he?
Do you know anything about him?
Only that the sorry bum
used to work pretty closely with Sibir.
But he crawled his way out recently.
Couldn't tell you
any more than that, though.
What do you know? The Professor
used to be a bandit when he was younger.
I always thought
there was something different about him.
-[Shiki] What do you want to do now?
-[Rebecca] There's nothing to do.
Once we check
on the status of the Aqua Wing,
we should try heading back
to Blue Garden and report our findings.
Who knows? Maybe the time traveling
has something to do with our ship.
You're okay with leaving
the Professor and Pino behind?
We've gone over this. We're in the past.
We can't get involved any more
than we already have.
Oh man, but I was able
to make a new friend.
-Just not with the Professor.
-[gasps]
Wait! Is that his briefcase?!
Yeah, I took it.
Not just that.
This.
It was also in the case.
[Rebecca] That's a B-Cube!
You can't just take that!
I told you, I changed my job to thief.
Put it back!
-[chimes]
-[both] Huh?
-Do a dance for me.
-Payo, payo.
[Shiki] That's the guy
who was in the giant robot.
[Happy] Sibir.
[Rebecca] This video is from a week ago.
[Sibir] I told you to dance,
you piece of junk.
I'm the one who took you off the streets.
I do not possess the proper functions
to accomplish such a request.
I'm merely an anti-mech android.
Pino!
Don't give me that.
I want to watch a metal doll dance!
No, please, put me down.
[Sibir] I guess if you can't dance,
you don't need this leg, huh?
-Do not pull it, please, do not do this.
-Huh? Right, can't I?
-[Sibir grunts]
-[gasps]
-[clattering]
-[Pino whimpers]
[Pino crying] Left leg has been damaged.
-Aw, that's too bad! [laughs loudly]
-[subordinates laugh]
[crying]
Restoring system alterations to normal.
[Sibir] Who's your master? Answer me.
[Pino] My master. My master is--
[Sibir] Me! That's who!
-[Pino sobbing]
-[Sibir cackling]
Now delete all your memories
of your previous master.
I cannot bring myself to do that.
Those memories are precious to me.
Forgive my disobedience.
[Sibir] I'm not gonna say this again.
Go into your memory banks
and delete your memories.
I cannot…
-[Sibir] You. Grab her and delete them.
-[subordinate] Yes, sir.
-No, stop, do not delete them!
-[subordinates laugh]
Someone, anybody!
That's awful. [gasps]
[subordinate] Should we fix her leg, too?
[Sibir] She doesn't need it to work.
Stick a screw on it or something.
-[Sibir cackles]
-[clenches teeth]
-[growls]
-[Sibir] Yeah, I know!
[clutching]
They're all gone.
Memories of my master…
As well as my left leg.
[sobbing] All I want…
is to…
return to my previous master.
I'll help you find him!
-[Rebecca] Shiki!
-Don't try to stop me.
Nothing else matters to me right now.
Not when my friend is crying.
I'm not going to stop you.
I can't forgive him either.
Besides, look at this.
The case has a record of the last
maintenance check this model received.
[Happy] "X492."
[gasps] That's our timeline!
[Rebecca] I don't know how,
but that would have to mean Pino was
an android from this timeline's future.
She came here
to this timeline just like us.
And if Sibir is planning on using her
for some devious purpose,
we can't stay on the sidelines anymore.
And that would mean,
Sibir is already messing up the past.
We have to put a stop to him.
Don't worry, Pino.
[Shiki] We've got this!
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
CLASH! THE SIBIR FAMILY